Specify Annoyances section for anti-adblock (#195787)
AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters: BaseFilter/sections/antiadblock.txt

!
! First of all, this section has common rules that prevent most known ad block detections. In that case domain should be added to the common rules.

> ! The section contains the list of the rules are against all kinds of ads reinjection or ad-blocking circumvention scripts. If such a script does not cripple the website, we add rules to the Annoyances' Popup filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
! The section contains the list of the rules are against all kinds of ads reinjection or ad-blocking circumvention scripts. If such a script does not cripple the website, we add rules to the AdGuard Popups filter filter.

```

> ! The section contains the list of the rules are against all kinds of ads reinjection or ad-blocking circumvention scripts. If such a script does not cripple the website, we add rules to the Annoyances' Popup filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
! The section contains the list of the rules are against all kinds of ads reinjection or ad-blocking circumvention scripts. If such a script does not cripple the website, we add rules to the AdGuard Popups filter filter.

```

Author: Done d734a70
